* low. tense music *
My God.
Get Carter and get out of here.
-It's all gone.
-Doesn't matter.
We start again.
I'm sorry.
Truth be told.
we don't normally open
the lairage
-for anything less than 50 head.
-Well. six
turns into 50.
50 turns into 150.
Till you get to 150.
That's how the biscuit breaks.
Are you a fucking snitch. Wes?
What are you talking about?
You fucking killed him.
You a good vet?
I believe so. yes.
Then do your job.
You're free to go.
You bailed me out?
I'm Oreana.
This life here is gonna work.
isn't it?
We'll make it work.
***
* low. somber music *
All right.
Uh-huh.
You got it. I appreciate it.
***
Start packing your shit up.
Where we going?
She's hungry.
Well. I've called
everyone I know.
And?
Walker told me
about an opportunity in Texas.
Texas?
Yeah.
Where in Texas?
I don't know. Some small town
called Rio Paloma.
About an hour from the border.
How much land?
Five thousand acres.
Black Angus.
175 head on it.
How much are they asking?
About every nickel we got.
Cheaper than rebuilding here.
that's for sure.
* low. somber music *
Will it give us
the life we want. baby?
In success. yeah.
-Want to take a ride?
-I don't want
to spend another night here.
We gave this place all we got.
didn't we?
Mm-hmm.
Sweetheart.
Montana will always be our home.
Many people
wanted to buy this place.
The Jacksons have been after it
for 20 years.
but they would've turned it
into something soulless.
I don't want this ranch
to become something
I can't recognize.
We want to keep it
just as it is.
The prospect of someday
feeding folks with our beef...
...that was
Billy's dying pride and joy.
Rip. I'm trusting that you
will fulfill that prospect.
That's all that matters to me.
Because he was
all that mattered.
Yes. ma'am.
Carter. there are four horses
in that barn.
Be a dear and saddle 'em.
These old bones
may move like a tired mule.
but...
I would like to take
one final ride around our ranch
before it becomes yours.
Of course.
Honey.
I'm gonna go help the boy
saddle.
I didn't know your daddy.
Except by reputation and...
...what I later read
in the papers.
No one really knew him.
He was a man though.
Man. I suspect. not all
that different from Billy.
I think so.
When I think
of what you all have endured...
That fire in Dillon. it's...
They're the broken bits...
...that will someday create
a beautiful mosaic for you here.
* low. somber music *
It's already beautiful. Jeanie.
I understand stewardship.
My husband and I will honor it.
Good.
Now.
there's one more thing
we got to discuss.
Yeah. what's that?
His name is Azul Ramos.
***
* slow. dramatic music *
Fifteen hundred.
Two thousand dollars...
Cold beer.
Thanks. baby.
Are you okay?
Yeah. Yeah.
Four. now five.
Forty-five hundred. out of here.
Forty-five?
Forty-five here.
Now five thousand dollars.
That's my friend
from the slaughterhouse.
Hey.
Buyer number 223.
Fucking grizzly in Gucci.
Oh. yeah?
Registered Black Angus bull.
Weighing 1.900...
This is our boy here. honey.
Here we go.
How much here?
Four. now five.
Five thousand dollars. Ma'am?
Six thousand dollars.
Sixty-five.
Now seven. It's seven.
Now eight thousand right here.
Nine...
Now ten. At ten.
Again.
At ten-five.
Ten-five-five here?
Sold to him over
at ten thousand.
five hundred dollars.
Buyer 106. man in black.
Buyer 106.
Really appreciate
y'all buying Bullet.
You deliver? I want
to turn him out during the day.
-Happy to.
-I'll write my address down
and my phone number. You call me
when you're headed out.
Yes. sir.
Two. three days tops. I'm back.
Not this time.
It was her decision.
It's right up here. I think.
-You think?
-It's right fucking there.
Ask me. I did y'all a favor.
De nada. motherfucker.
Uh. you back there thinking
about braining me
with that shovel?
Huh?
That right?
Maybe that was your plan
all along.
Huh?
But you ain't never dug
any kind of hole in your life.
Uh. that kind of work
don't suit you.
does it?
And you ain't got the balls
to take that kind of swing.
We both know...
I do.
* low. tense music *
What?
He was right fucking there!
You leave tomorrow.
***
Why is this shit yellow?
That's electrolytes.
Looks like horse piss.
Well. maybe it is.
Fuck all y'all.
Where's Rob-Will?
Don't know.
Where's Wes?
Don't know that either.
Bullshit.
It's been days.
So...
who's the foreman?
Chet's lead wrangler.
Ask him.
Wes got drunk.
got a hooker.
Man. I don't know.
He got Jesus.
Just pick one
and shut the fuck up.
Tommy. you standing behind me
for a reason
or just to get hurt?
* low. tense music *
Chet.
Beulah wants to speak with you.
Sir?
Now.
Tommy.
you're in charge.
You heard the man.
We got cattle to brand.
***
Come here.
Yeah. you. Come on.
Yeah?
You know how to cowboy?
I am a cowboy.
You a drunk?
Was.
Won't touch a drop again.
Good. You want to work?
Only right to tell you
-I found the Lord while I was--
-I didn't ask you
about your Lord.
I asked you whether you wanted
to work again.
I need to work.
Well. you good with horses?
Blessed to be part of the Texas
Corrections' Gentling Program.
Zachariah. right?
Zachariah Moss.
Well. Zachariah.
only got one question for you.
Does your God prevent you
from cowboying?
No. sir.
God loves cowboys.
You're damn right he does.
Get in the fucking truck.
* inspiring guitar music *
Heard you were back already.
You start coming this regularly.
you might get yourself a job.
I was hoping that you might
point me in the right direction.
To where?
To a slaughterhouse.
And one that isn't owned
by Beulah Jackson.
You met Miss Rio Paloma herself.
did you?
Briefly.
Yeah. well. like an old whiskey.
Beulah's a...
She's an acquired taste.
Which is why I've been known
to direct my friends elsewhere.
Where's elsewhere?
I know a place
up near San Antone pretty well.
Well. can I get an introduction?
Reckon I ought to if I want
to get paid for this mare.
How's now?
You know. I'm not too proud
for bribery. Everett.
Or kidnapping.
Well. I...
All right.
You're driving.
But we got to make a stop
along the way.
No problem.
Calm down?!
Are you fucking kidding me?!
Yeah. fuck that. Austin Lewis.
I haven't even begun
to lose my shit yet.
Now you let me in to see Wes
right the fuck now!
What the fuck is wrong
with you?!
I haven't seen him in a week.
I promise you. Whit.
he ain't here.
Joaquin will tell you the same.
Miss Ayers.
Whitney.
Back to work. men.
Mm.
Sit a minute?
Sit?
Okay. Come on.
Come on. honey.
All right.
Wes hasn't shown in days.
That's not him.
We hoped he got homesick.
With good reason.
He only gets homesick
for this goddamn bunkhouse.
Where do they say he is?
They don't.
They'd be only rumors
if they did.
Please.
Come on. I need to know.
Maybe a woman.
But it's just rumors.
No.
Wes ain't no saint.
but this boy changed him.
Ask Austin.
Wes loves being a daddy.
He would never walk out on us.
I don't fucking buy it.
* low. tense music *
Mind if we stop for a piss?
-Almost 100 miles of silence.
-Don't know
if you've ever been locked up.
but I can tell you
a bit of silence
is the best sound I've heard
in an awful long time.
* low. tense music *
Chet. did you know
that this ranch dates back
to before the Alamo fell?
Yes. ma'am.
That longhorn there descended
from our very first.
Stolen in 1836
by an Irish Catholic immigrant.
His grit built this legacy.
And I've worked very hard
to protect it.
Yes. ma'am.
I want to believe
you're the man
to help me uphold that legacy.
to safeguard it. Are you?
I am.
I mean. I can.
I will.
Good.
Start by reinstating
law and order in the bunkhouse.
No more questions.
no more bullshit.
I will not tolerate
disappointment.
Just ask my son.
I won't let you down.
You were there.
Ma'am?
With Rob-Will...
that night.
***
Now we understand each other.
Yes. ma'am.
Good.
You may go.
***
It's not the ride they mind.
It's the speed.
Slow and steady.
We'll be just fine.
I'm going under 70.
Yeah. you don't strike me
as the slow lane type.
Well. never used to be.
Yeah. And now?
All right.
-Gummy worm?
-I'm good.
Thank you.
Okay.
Seawolves?
A long way from the ocean.
Yeah. we are.
I was a naval aviator for
a helicopter attack squadron.
Mekong Delta.
Don't worry. I won't ask.
Well. I don't mind if you ask.
Just not...
not that much to say.
I was young and...
...looking for someone to save.
something to fight.
It was a long time ago.
I bet you got medals.
A few.
What for?
My abundant stupidity.
You should be proud of them.
Well...
You should never take
that hat off.
Only at the dinner table.
* Yeah. my guitars *
* Cadillacs *
* Hillbilly music *
* The only thing
that keeps me hanging on *
* low. somber music *
You bought the Edwards Ranch?
We did.
There's a cot there
in that hay barn.
It ain't much.
but it'll do.
Thank you. sir.
Don't get too comfortable.
We got shit to do today.
Yes. sir.
Shit. you got old.
You got tall.
Good to see you. boy.
However you did this...
...thank you.
Hey.
Rip don't suffer fools.
Okay? Just be ready.
be fast. be good.
You'll be just fine.
Shit. you speak Spanish.
too. huh?
South Texas. sir.
Fish or cut bait.
Well. how...
how do you say "mount up"?
-Móntense.
-Well.
fucking móntense.
We're gonna get those
open heifers out of Black Rock.
push 'em over to Mistress.
We got a new bull coming in.
Let's go to work.
Yes. sir.
Carter!
Got your text.
You want to rob a liquor store?
- Got algebra.
- Mm.
You'll never use it.
But this?
Mm.
It'll solve
all kind of problems.
Come on.
-All right.
-Ah.
Buckle up.
* low. mysterious music *
***
Ha!
Get the fuck out of my way. boy.
Don't know
who's more upset that Wes
ran off. you or his wife.
Fucking let it go.
Problem is. you won't let it go.
Stirring up trouble
for all of us.
You know damn well
that Wes didn't run off.
Getting real sick
of your shit today.
Hey! Knock it off!
-Shut your mouth. motherfucker.
-Or what?
* tense. suspenseful music *
- Hey!
- Ah!
That wasn't
a fucking suggestion.
-Ah!
-It was a goddamn commandment.
You got fight. boy.
I'll give you that.
But zero fucking sense.
Ah!
I guess I got to beat some
into you. huh?
Get these two tended.
If they ain't dead. I want them
on a horse in an hour.
Yes. sir.
***
Claudio. My friend Beth.
Thank you
for seeing us. Claudio.
Everett tells me that you cut
the finest T-bone in the state.
- I do.
- Well. I got six Angus outside
with nowhere to take them.
My husband and I.
we're building a small outfit.
Quality. family-run.
Like you.
Ooh.
He's gonna be climbing the
fucking walls tonight. Everett.
Let me show you what I do.
* slow. gentle music *
We're a four-man operation.
but I'll stake our work
against the big boys any day.
I'm gonna need the best cuts
to hook the best buyers.
Prime grade. certified Angus.
How old are your steers?
- Around 22 months.
- Good.
We'll lead with rib eye.
filet. T-bone.
-Peak marbling.
-You know what you want.
-It's what I need.
-Charge you market rates.
all on the level.
Thank you.
-How long?
-Three weeks.
How's two?
***
Hey! Hey!
Yo.
Whoa.
Shh-shh. Hey!
Oh. oh.
Oh!
Jailbird. you're still a cowboy.
Hell yeah.
Feels good.
* inspiring string music *
Hmm?
You good with it?
I can work one okay.
Fire away.
You fucking with me?
Maybe just a little.
I like that.
Hmm.
* serene music *
Your daddy teach you
how to shoot?
Uh. no.
One of the other cowboys
on our old ranch.
Now. you're a mystery. Carter.
Kind of handsome. kind of not.
Parking lot hero.
crack shot.
What else you hiding
behind them eyes?
Look. I'm sorry
I got you. uh. mixed up
in all my drama at the rodeo.
Um...
I'm just glad to get mixed up
in something.
* gentle music *
You know. nobody's gonna
make it easy for you. Carter.
You've got to do that yourself.
You just got to say. "Fuck it."
"Fuck all of them."
Do whatever the fuck you want.
***
Jefa.
Rob-Will's checked into rehab.
The one in Sedona?
Yeah. five-star accommodations.
like you asked.
Does my father know about this?
The day-to-day operations
of our business
are not his concern.
The ranch is my dominion.
not his.
Cleaning up Rob-Will's mess
is proving to be difficult.
Well. in what way?
In the way it got up and walked
off the Edwards Ranch.
Well. you'd better
fucking find it.
This is my brother's fault.
not mine.
One day he's gonna set a fire
I cannot contain.
Well. it wouldn't be a problem
if you hadn't let
that property slip
through our fingers.
The Edwards never liked us.
Sold the ranch
to that Montana couple.
The late governor's daughter.
We met.
She came by the slaughterhouse.
For what?
To kill and carve her cows.
or that's what she told me.
You need to find out
what they know
before it gets more complicated.
Ah. your new foreman
already put a hand
in the hospital.
Austin.
Hmm.
How bad off is he?
Broken arm. broken ribs.
What. was he asking questions?
Wes's wife paid him a visit.
She was asking questions. too.
Well. then go do
something about it
before this becomes
a fucking wildfire.
I need to file
a missing persons report.
Go ahead and take a seat.
No. I don't have time
to take a seat.
Ma'am. just take a seat.
-Someone will be right with you.
-My husband is missing. okay?
And I got my little boy
at a friend's trailer who starts
her shift in a half hour
and I got to get back to him.
so can you please just take
-my goddamn information?
-Can I help you?
Be nice if somebody did.
I'm Sheriff Wade.
What seems to be the problem?
My husband Wes Ayers.
Works at the 10-Petal Ranch.
Disappeared from the bunkhouse.
Went to bed.
didn't wake up there.
Never came home.
Would you step into my office?
Now. how long has he been gone?
Long enough to know
something's wrong.
Did anybody see him take off?
Well. no one who's talking.
I mean. they said
maybe he took off.
needed some space.
And who said that?
Was that the foreman?
Ranch owner's son.
Tried saying maybe
he was off the wagon.
but it ain't fucking true.
-And you're sure about that?
-Wes doesn't need space.
He needs a paycheck
and a shower.
Ma'am. I understand that.
but sometimes grown--
Are you gonna help me
or judge me?
Yes. Ms. Ayers.
we are gonna help you.
But there is a process to this.
We will take your information
after it's been 72 hours.
It's been 72 hours.
Someone at the 10-Petal
knows more than they're saying.
* slow. dark music *
That's a pretty serious
accusation.
Yeah. well. so is
disappearing a man.
How do I know someone
won't come for me next?
It's gonna be all right.
Start the report.
We'll take care of it for you.
all right?
Call me if you need anything.
Thank you.
All right. what do you need?
Spell
your husband's name for me.
That's good!
Zachariah.
when we open this second gate.
I want you to clear out.
Don't got to tell me twice.
-Get this son of a bitch--
-Don't fucking use that.
Dipshit.
* tense music *
I really don't got the time.
Go earn your keep.
* hopeful music *
It's right there.
So. uh...
...when do you think
I could see you again?
* dramatic guitar music *
I have a boyfriend. Carter.
Happy to do that. sir.
All right.
Azul.
Thank you. sir.
Yeah. thanks.
My old man would've been happy
to see you like this.
You know. after what happened.
seemed like the whole world
turned against me.
But not Hector.
He never looked at me
any different.
* slow. dramatic music *
You know. he'd visit.
Third Sunday.
Nearly every month.
He never said it. but I knew.
Sí.
***
Oh.
Perfect timing. Dinner's ready.
I already drank mine. Thanks.
So. Suzanne Norris says you had
quite a night at the rodeo.
- I sure did.
- Mm-hmm.
Some steer wrestler put
his hands on my granddaughter.
How does that look?
For Beulah Jackson?
-Heaven forbid.
-Hmm.
Sit down.
-I'll stand.
-Sit down!
Now!
I sent your daddy off to rehab.
So I've been told.
It's past time
he addressed his demons.
Demons that you helped create.
Excuse me?
Oreana Lynn.
you are right on his heels.
and I won't accept it.
I won't tolerate it.
This family cannot survive
another fucked-up child.
You can't survive it.
Just like you can't
survive me being
-anything other than perfect.
-You have to be perfect
if you want to take over
running this ranch.
I pray to God that I don't.
That I never turn into you.
* slow. tense music *
You grow the fuck up.
Eat your dinner
before it gets cold.
Yes. ma'am.
***
You find him?
No. No. I was just out
this way. and I--
No one is just out this way.
I wanted to personally bring you
Wes's last two weeks.
and I added his next two weeks.
Hmm. That's mighty decent
of you.
It's the least we can do
-for our 10-Petal family.
-Mm-hmm.
Sheriff is being
awfully kind. too.
Paid him a visit today.
* slow. tense music *
Fuck you and your money.
***
You want to talk
about something?
No. It's nothing.
Spit it out. Carter.
For fuck's sakes. just tell me.
What's on your mind?
Come on. man.
I-I met a girl.
Oh. thank God.
I mean. n-no. that.
that's-that's good.
Uh. I'm just not sure
what to do.
Well. you don't do anything.
you don't say anything.
You just listen.
That's the deal.
She says something nice to you.
you listen.
She says something mean
to you. you listen.
And if you don't know what
the fuck she's talking about.
you listen.
-Just listen?
-Yeah.
You know. years ago.
I asked John. I said. um.
"What's the key
to a successful relationship?"
He said.
"The first day. she's right.
The second day.
she's right again.
And the third day.
you're fucking wrong."
Yeah.
You ever. uh...
...you ever liked a girl
that's with another guy?
Hey.
Sweetheart.
Steak's still warm.
Did I miss all the fun?
So. what are you talking about?
Just man stuff.
By that. you mean girl stuff?
We're back in business.
Good.
And I think I found a bar.
-Oh. yeah?
-Yeah.
There's someone there
waiting to meet you.
-Meet me. huh?
-Yep.
Do you think I could come?
School night. baby.
* atmospheric music *
* In a rain shower *
* 'Cause he knows me
like the back of his hand *
* I don't want another... *
-Everett.
-Hmm?
-This is my husband Rip.
-Yeah.
Rip. this is Everett.
I'll be right back.
Carol. could you get
a beer for my husband?
-And I'll have a Tito's.
-Yep. You got it.
Thank you.
Well. what do you say. Everett?
Cards on the table. Rip.
I was all for putting
that mare down.
Your wife felt different.
She was damn convincing.
Yeah. well. no shit.
I live with her.
She don't take
the word "no" very easy.
I could fill
a dictionary with words
when it came to my wife.
I think I have
that same dictionary.
Knowing Jeanie
sold y'all that ranch.
I. I reckon we'll discover
we have more in common.
I tended more animals
on that ranch than any other.
I had a mean crush on Jeanie
in high school.
It was not reciprocated.
Yeah. I did two tours
with Billy.
He was. he was better at war
than me.
They built a beautiful place.
Yeah. they sure did.
* Heart-shaped necklace *
All right. how about
we get McKinney up here?
All right.
Come on. sweetheart.
* slow. dramatic music *
Yeah.
Mama's coming. sweetheart.
* slow. tense music *
***
* tense. eerie music *
* exciting music *
By.(tt1tt).